Add rel=order refs and tweak Opportunity model (#168)
Element84/stat-api-spec: opportunity/README.md

| ------------- | ------------------------- | ----------- |
| type          | string                    | **REQUIRED.** Always `FeatureCollection`. |
| features      | \[Opportunity Object\]    | **REQUIRED.** A list of opportunities. |

> | links         | Map\<object, Link Object> | **REQUIRED.** Links for e.g. pagination. It is **strongly recommended** to include a `rel=order` link to allow the user to resubmit this Opportunities request as an Order if they do not wish to choose a specific Opportunity. |

Reviewer: The relation typoe is not correct according to #169

> | links         | Map\<object, Link Object> | **REQUIRED.** Links for e.g. pagination. It is **strongly recommended** to include a `rel=create-order` link to allow the user to resubmit this Opportunities request as an Order if they do not wish to choose a specific Opportunity. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| links         | Map\<object, Link Object> | **REQUIRED.** Links for e.g. pagination. It is **strongly recommended** to include a link with relation type `create-order` link to allow the user to resubmit this Opportunities request as an Order if they do not wish to choose a specific Opportunity. |
```
